Add supervisor actions (#16276)
apache/druid: docs/api-reference/supervisor-api.md

The supervisor must be running for this endpoint to be available.

> Resets the specified supervisor. This endpoint clears supervisor metadata, prompting the supervisor to resume data reading. The supervisor restarts from the earliest or latest available position, depending on the `useEarliestOffset` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets the specified supervisor. This endpoint clears supervisor metadata, prompting the supervisor to resume data reading. The supervisor restarts from the earliest or latest available position, depending on the value of `useEarliestOffset` property.
```

Author: Updated
